

Q1:	I study pharmacy bachelor 3rd year. We don't solve a problem actually.
	We learn how mechanisms function. we learn by heart. Learn 200plant names.
	Chemical reactions.
	sometimes in the lab, then the TA helps more.
	
Q2:	depending on subject. chemistry courses difficult, biology are easier.
	medical chemistry: 3
	genetic technology: 4
	general: 3

Q3:	look at it for 10 seconds. If I don't understand the subject/direction I would ask AI

Q4:	10s, 1minute.
	when learning for exam: 20min
	to not fall behind: 10s-1min





Q1:	lernphase, statistics 2. how to solve problems with R studio (programming language)
	it was frustrating because she asked claude but it didn't help.

	the explanation was too difficult.
	musterlösung,
	took about 2-3 days.
	gave musterlösung to claude to explain it.
	probeprüfung.

	logistic regression.

Q2:	try and then ask AI.
	what really helps when struggling for a while, she'd take a break and solve a different problem and then return to the original problem later.

Q3:	(modified who do you ask for help): I'm a visual and auditorial learner.
	make a video about the topic with notebook lm, ai video generator.

Q4:	because it was visualized.

Q6:	it did help me to learn and understand the topic better
	there are not many tasks where we have to really solve problems or exercises.

Q7:	when I asked my supervisor how to make something and she just said something that din't help at all, I was more confused.
	(does it happen with AI)
	yes often chatGPT confuses me with chemical stuff, he's not good at chemistry. Claude is also ok but I always have to upload my lecture notes, that makes it easier.
	he hallucinates answers that aren't correct. er gibt falsche quellenangaben. für quellen wird deshalb ein anderes AI tool verwendet.

Q8:	with AI I would've wanted him to just read my script and answer my questions based on that and it should take more time.
	I would've wanted my TA to give me a better asnwer.

Q9:	when a subject is very important for the exam and the lecture mentioned that, I would really try hard to understand it by myself. For the learning process.
	When I spend too much time on a problem or when it's too detailed and complex.

Q10:depends on the help I received. When I really try to understand it myself then I would be able to solve it by myself the next time.
	When the help wasn't that helpful I would have to ask again next time.




Q1:	when the AI just gives me the formula and I would calculate it by myself then I feel like I'm solving it myself.
	If the help just gives me the solution and already calculates everyhting then I don't feel like I'm doing it by myself.
	(in my courses I usually have to just apply the correct formula)


Q2:	it's helpful when the help comes step by step and not everything at once.
	it would be really helpful if it was interactive and step by step when I'm for example working with claude.
	When working with a tutor it is helpful when the help comes step by step and I'm thinking for myself instead of the help just giving me the correct answer and explaining it.


Q3:	Yes I wasted too much time before asking happens very frequently. Both have happened. For exmple in subjects where I solve problems myself I spent time on it but not enough for the learning to be effective, then I would've wanted to spend more time on that problem.
	Subjects where I have to learn by heart you need active recall because it should stay in the long term memory.

when making a gemisch and didn't know arznei in form von zäpfli machen und nicht sicher wie man das berechnet, dann im Buch nachgeschaut. also lieber selber gelöst.

