Q1: Electrical engineering 3rd semester. usually working on 50% mathematics exercises and more and more hardware based stuff, circuits and electronics theoretically.
	used to do 1 year of biology.

Q2:	circuits was most difficult in 1st semester.
	mathematical methods was difficult in mathematical methods.
	In general I'd say 4.

Q3:	sometimes I try to do it on my own until I get to a point where I rly don't know what to do.
	sometimes I get so frustrated that I do it all with gemini.
	usually I try to solve it by myself first.

Q4:	when I don't know much about the subject yet I ask for help more often and use tools more frequently.
	I let it check by gemini when I want it to be correct.
	usually 5 - 10 mins on maths tasks
	or mergesort I try to implement and debug.


-------------------------------------------------------


Q1:	last saturday I was on a electornic cicuits question and it looked easy but then 
	I was a little stuck. so I thought let's check with gemini what the best workflow
	for these kinds of quetsions is.
	you have to decide when diodes block and when they open. I expected it to be easy
	but it wasn't so I was furstrared and asked gemini but it gave me bda ansewrs so I 
	asked chatGPT and that didn't work well either so after 30mins I skipped they
	quetsion.

Q2:	I try to calm down and reread the question. If it's not possible to solve I go and
	ask gemini for hints and not the full solution. While writing out the problem
	I often figure out the solution just from stating the question.

Q3:	sometimes I'm passively consuming lectures. it's good to have friends around you
	that repeat what the lecturer says and question it and that helps because it makes
	you think about the lecture

Q6:	yes for the lecture it helped me understand the probelm.
	but when I use AI it just gives me the answer to the question so that doesn't help as much.
	when working with a friend they often just say random stuff and it helps to think		about the problem so that helps with learning.

Q7:	Asking lecturers sometimes makes it more complicated. Because you have a specific
	problem in your head. And the professors say something and you don't fully get it
	and you're afraid to say that you don't fully understand the answer.
	professors give short or not real answers that don't fully answer the quetsion.

Q8:	In the professor situation I would have preferred it if he would've just taken
	some time to understand my question and take my question a bit more serious.
	instead of saying "it's not important for the exam and just accept it, it's
	the way it is".
	when I use an AI tool I'd want it to give a summary of the answer first.
	and after confirming that the question was understood correctly you can prompt
	again and go deeper. often it's so much text and you only need a small part of
	the explanation

Q9:	It depends but when I'm in the lecture I try to ask my friends as much as possible
	so I don't get stuck on small details that don't matter. so I can just continue
	with the lecture.
	At home if it depends on whether I want to just get the task done or if I want
	to really understand it. Usually when I realize oh it's getting late and I want
	to finish the task in time I ask for help. Otherwise sometimes I just ask tools
	to explain the theory around it or for hints. Usually I can't solve a problem
	because I lack some of the theory behind it.

Q10:If I'm just speeding through the series yes. But when I have an aha moment, now I
	get the problem, then I'll probably recognize it the next time.


--------------------------------------------------------


Q1:	As long as you only search for theory stuff and try to solve the specific problem
	on your own.
	If you just type in the task into an AI and it gives you a solution it feels like
	you did nothing.

Q2: In general I'd say help is supportive if you don't feel like you have to prove
	that you're not stupid and you're allowed to ask "stupid" questoins without
	judgement.
	And it's helpful when the person summorizes it really well so you understand it.
	Or if chatgpt derives a formula for you and then you can look at the steps and
	try to understand the steps. but it'd be best if you try to solve it yourself

Q3:	In analysis I really wanted to do all the exercises and then I got more and more
	confused by solving all of them. I would've liked to just focus one a few and
	really understand them.
	Even if you ask after an hour you get the experience of trying it for yourself
	first and that's what makes you learn.
	sometimes when there are not many exercises left I'm not that motivated anymore
	and I just wanna get it done so I sometimes don't spend enough time on it.
