Summary:
 Subject is currently studying Maths at ETH (Bachelor). They assessed their study success as a 3 out of 5 meaning they are moderately struggling. There is a strict distinction on how they ask for help between if the help is from a person or AI. For a person they generally ask after 90 minutes of trying on their own. However, for the AI the threshold is 5 minutes. When they get stuck on a problem, they usually go about it in the following way: “I first try to understand what my question will be for ChatGPT. I go to ChatGPT and if I am still stuck, I go back to the slides and try to understand the basics. And then back to ChatGPT. “So, they usually go to AI first.
They elaborated that AI helps in a useful way since it specifically tackles the question asked. This leads to the focus of formulating a question in such a way that the AI gives the desired explanation. Generally, the subject described that answers given by AI are satisfying and made few distinctions on the quality regarding achieving an actual learning effect. When asked: How could the help you received be better? The subject pointed out that AI gives the solution to quick and it would be beneficial if the model had more subject specific context i.e. lecture slides, scripts, etc. Also, if there would be a way where AI advises you on where to look for answers in the given course material rather than just giving it, it would greatly increase the learning effect. This was also given as the biggest difference between helpful and unhelpful help while learning and mentioned as a reason for if they should have struggled longer on some problems.
The key takeaway is that generally AI is very helpful and the primary source for help. With added context through course specific material and restraints that would ensure that the solution is not directly in the response, help through AI would outperform help from a person. Also, the threshold to asking for help is considerably smaller for AI than with a real person.










Summary: 
Subject is currently studying Quant Finance (Master). They assess their current courses a 4 out of 5. While challenging they do manage. They describe themselves as someone who generally can solve problems by themselves. Usually, it takes them between 30 minutes and 1 hour to complete a standard problem. When they get stuck on a problem, they revert to the course material first (i.e. script, slides). If this does not help, they use Claude or ChatGPT depending on the problem to ask for further clarification. 
They assess the help from AI as helpful although they mentioned that mostly AI is to much solution oriented rather than explaining how to solve the problem. Also, they say that for proofs, AI usually uses the correct theorems and lemmas, however the formulation of the theorems does not always correspond to the one in the script. This is not a problem if the theorem in the script is understood, however for smaller proofs the AI sometimes assumes certain conditions which would have to be proven first. The subject describes as help not being useful if the complete solution is given with inadequate explanation or lack of reasoning for certain steps. They also recall a time where AI failed to assist in specific coding exercises in dynamic programming (this was in their undergrad). The AI repeatedly failed to give the correct base cases and recursion which in turn wasted valuable time that could’ve been spent figuring it out by themselves. Generally, they think that for general concepts which do not have a “recipe” for solving, help from a person is more valuable than from AI.
They described help as more useful if it only assists you in solving the problem rather than solving it for you and explaining the solution. The subject also mentioned that they generally need less help nowadays from AI than in their undergrad studies and have a general better understanding of current subjects although they were unsure if that can be attributed to the more infrequent reliance on AI.
